(No subject)
Michael O'Hara
Sun 11/08/2019 10:09 AM
Some ideas
A magic man turns a lot of monsters into candy. They have muscles and nerves and skeletons and candy brains but no blood or organs. The brain moves them so it has to be destroyed or they have to be dismembered. At one point the players lose their weapons so they have to eat the monsters. The monsters refer to them as zombies because they're eating them.
The magic man wanted food and an army, so why not both at once.
Monsters are gummy, with spaceman stick bones, candy ribbon muscles and red licorice nerves. The brain is gum.
Players can benefit from a sugar rush, but they then have to maintain it or fave penalties.

You took a big hit. It must hurt a lot. You'll be alright, but you will pass out. This much pain you won't be able to help it, but when you wake up you'll be in your bed. I'll see you there.
He's dead.

Brother was a good teacher. Learned me how to listen. Did not learn me how to speak. He thought he might lead by example. Rather I was crushed down by his influence. Did not get a chance to learn, only to be shaped helplessly. Crushing leaves a person in quite a flat shape.

Servant disagrees - 'As you wish, sir' Yes, I do wish. I wish it. That is what I wish, and it is what will happen. "As you wish." You do not permit me. Just say yes! 'Yes sir.' What did I just say! Don't agree. There is no agreement between us. Don't say anything. Do as I wish, and be quiet. ( Silence ). Did you hear me! 'Yes sir.' Silence!

Boy who has never known anything bad so he can't form proper insults. You smell like a rose that has been in the vase for 2 hours.

Man so rich he thinks it's a luxury to not have to enjoy his own life. I bet you kiss your wife yourself. I have people who do that for me. How loud are your singers? Mine deafen me so, I can't hear my children laugh afterwards! Has people chew his food and spit it into his mouth, them exclaims how delicious it was.
His son wants to be just like him and has servants do everything for him. Take baths for him, eat for him, talk to people for him. Tells a servant to speak to the player for him but doesn't tell them what to say, so they make something up. He frequently becomes comatose from malnutrition and dehydration. His mother nurses him back to health, and feeds him water when he's sleeping.

'How do you do it? How do you not care What people think of you?' well, I guess I do care what they think, but mostly I like what they think. Or they don't mean anything to me, and why should I care what those people think if I don't care about them at all? I trust my friends to know who I am, that what I'm like is what they got in for. If they don't, that's all the more reason to show them. That or I need different friends. The only time I really care is when I've already disappointed myself, and I suppose that ends up being more important.

Inventory held in a bag the character carries. Gives penalties while moving and fighting. Can be dropped, but has to be retrieved. Could be interesting in platforming puzzles. Straps can be found to lessen the penalties?

Town where a rich dictator controls the air. The town is indoors, or in a big valley with nowhere out but up. Trees dont grow, so breathing the oxygen produces co2 which sinks and never escapes the valley. Rich men are allowed to breathe freely, and oxygen is pumped in sparingly so that they can. Everyone else has to buy O2 bottles and breathe through masks all day. People are punished for stealing the open air. People in the valley can't leave because outside are terrible monsters everywhere. That's why it was built, to protect them. The monsters can't survive the limited oxygen atmosphere. But really, this is a lie to keep people in, to keep them working to export goods that are flown out to bring money to the economy, so the people can keep buying air and making the rulers wealthy. 

Maybe the stubborn king can be made to hear others giving you advice. "I couldn't hear it with my own ears, but I heard it with yours. I agreed quietly and maliciously with (person) that you were such a fool. I laughed at you spitefully with my (people) until I was only laughing at myself. I wanted to mock you as a wise man, but I was only a fool laughing at himself in the mirror."

Left and right triggers to walk left and right - magnitude of press for speed? Trigger buttons to block and parry in either direction. Then both thumbs are free to press more buttons on the d pad and action buttons

1. Guy who has a wife. Has a bunch of paintings in a garage that looks unused and untouched for a long time.
2. They have a baby.
3. They raise the kid together and it takes after both of them; it's around 5 years old.
4. Guy kills his wife.
5. Guy is raising the kid by himself and it acts just like him. He's painting again. He is eerily vague about what happened to his wife, but seems glad to be the sole influence on the child.
6. Some kind of moral retribution. Kid kills him so it can live without him around? Or he just lacks important things his wife brought to the table.and his life is worse.
Player doesn't necessarily witness each event to piece it all together.

Game philosophy

The world isn't built as an obstacle for the player, but a realistically reactive place.
Creatures attack out of self defense, not because they're evil.
Npcs attack because they are ordered to or because they think the player threatens their way of being.
Mercy is a viable playstyle, and nothing is so one dimensional to relentlessly attack if the player can be observed as non threatening.
Combat is layered and slow paced, more like a real time puzzle consisting of movements like evading and attacking.
Knowing how to respond to an enemy is more important than responding quickly.
Smart > skilled.
Plenty of time to think is available, but challenges without this time are acceptable for when players are familiar enough to respond quickly and not be frustrated.
Areas of comfort and respite are abundant, but are contrasted with areas of hostility to make the player appreciate them.
Non hostile areas are just as layered as combat, or there is no reason to be interested in them.

Game where you play as one soldier in a legion, on lone missions. When you die, you play as another. Each one starts weak, with maybe some chosen perks and flaws, or random. As you play one, they get stronger according to your actions (fighting = strength up, taking damage = health up, sneaking = sneak up etc). You can return to the legion at any point to save the soldier you're playing as, and the loot he has. You can pick one up again and start from the start too, but once they die they're gone. Levelling curve is steep to prevent grinding early areas with the same soldier.

bunch of.snipers attacking certain areas with big damage. Can be found a killed/incapacitated to allow free roaming in that area.

Fluffy dog and bird turn up in the back of a big bear or something at one point? Or a moa

Grappling hook 

Castle that can only be accessed by a long, narrow saddle of rock with huge drops either side. Servants bring supplies in and the residents don't leave. The rock erodes and falls away, making it impossible to cross without it being rebuilt. No one has rebuilt it in many years, and people are still inside. Or maybe the servants just stopped coming.

Dialogue options that are intentionally misleading. Only with one npc. He thinks you're a jerk because the shortened version of the dialogue looks like the right thing to say but it turns out to be rude

Be true to yourself. Don't let yourself get away with betraying it just because other people do. What to you might feel acceptable in a moment of weakness, because it was a moment of weakness and nothing more, wont appear to them as anything but your true nature. It will shape their expectations of you. They'll continue to let you get away with it because they think that's who you are. Don't let their acceptance comfort you and permit this new avenue of behaviour, when you know who you're acting like isn't who you want to be. Your moments of weakness will become more frequent if you allow it. You're thinking 'this isn't who I am, just what I'm doing right now', but to the people who don't know that, it is who you are. One day you might not feel the need to justify it.

Man who reads to children. Maybe his own, maybe at an orphanage or a library. He doesn't do it for them, but for a small reminder for his ego. He was a great performer and well loved, but some responsibility took him away from that life. Maybe his children. He lives for moments when he can be who he was then, and idles through the rest. Maybe in one timeline he does it because he loves the children, depending on the player's influence. He says it was responsibility, but really he opted for that as it was easier. He chose not to take opportunities out of fear of failure and commitment to the effort. You can tell him that it was meant to happen that way, that he subconsciously chose his fate correctly. Be something small to many people, or something big to the people who need you. 

Disease that causes cramping in localised areas of the body. People cut their limbs off rather than live with the pain.

King avoids fixing his castle to spend money elsewhere. 'the castle has stood for hundreds of years, it will last a while longer. It's always been here and always will be.' The roof collapses and kills him.

".. children's children. And your children's children's.."

King boy takes a fine cut meat from someone important to heal him. 'if beef is the cure, then better beef will be a better cure'

Injuries - need sanitiser and stitches. Without stitches, you bleed a bit at a time until you get them. Without sanitiser, you eventually get sick and die.

We make things from inspiration from things we revere, but we don't think much of them because we know too much about them. We don't realise the people who made the things we idolise felt the same, and people after us will revere our work in the same way.

God pit himself into a hat to prove he could, friends trapped him there for a joke. Then the hat was lost and someone has it. Gives them his power

Christmas town where it's always Christmas

Dour - boss.

Pc gains happiness points throughout the game. Reach a village where they appear over your head, and so do everyone else's. Ironically, the people with the most points are the ones who don't worry about their number and continue as normal. The people with a huge number of points are seen as celebrities, role models, influencers. If pc reaches the village with a number large enouhh to be one, they find out that these people aren't really happy at all, but for the good of everyone else they go about their lives to prove that happiness is possible. Early people with high numbers figured out how to hack the system and raise their numbers every day, and it has been a secret ruling society ever since.

Insurmountable obstacle to the left of the start area - new game + gives you the means to get past it and end up at the far right of the map (world is spherical obvs) and be at the end of the game straight away - story implications ensue.

"Sometimes I wait another hour after I wake up to have my coffee. It's like a little game! The longer I can hold off, the bigger the kick is when I finally have it! It brings a little spice to my days."

A town is painfully sleepy, unchanging and routine. Compare their dull but wholesome existence with the player's adventure. I don't know which is better, and it seems like committing to one is the only way to really get something out of it. No in between.

Bad guy pretends to leak intel to lure group into a trap, but the group is too stupid and disorganised to do what they have to so the trap fails. Or the group keep going wrong so the bad guy finds ways to 'leak' more information to correct them and in the end he's just happy when they arrive.

Big yuck scary bug boss called Flee

Boss with a lot of eyes that you have to poke to beat it. In order to reach its eyes, you have to bait its attacks. Each attack gives you access to one eye. Some attacks will have to be baited in one spot, and leave the eye open in another spot that the player has to reach before the monster recovers. Basically timed platforming challenges, that you have to figure out how to trigger, and not get hit.

Npc who has a poker hand, laughs and  tells you to come back when you have a hand. You can find random playing cards throughout the game and if you have five you can create a hand and maybe beat his.

Enemies wear skin of player's family and home town residents. Player finds skinned bodies at some point.

At some point the players fake family will get them back, unconscious, and when they wake up tell them they had a terrible fever and were screaming and shaking like they were hallucinating, which is a lie.

Everything in the world has a regenerative ability. the player can focus their regenerative power into their weapon in order to extract the regenerative power from enemies. this means the player cannot regenerate so the player can be killed very easily. Enemies wounds will heal instantly but their power will be sapped into the weapon until they have none. The player can use this power to get stronger.

Doing something " just for the knack of it ", means just for the heck of it, and because they're good at it/want to become good.

Next area is always a choice of two random areas, but areas are only in the pool once they're unlocked

King boy gets his ideas from an autobiography he finds. Wants to write his own but it comes out sounding a lot like the one he read. Decides to release the one he found as his own because he feels he embodies it and no one else has seen the other one anyway.

Maybe antag is trying to find out how to harness the power of the time orb to become timeless, because the Creator wants a friend.

What if you moved into a dimension where you were the only thing, and therefore the most massive thing and exerted the most gravity?

What would happen if you killed a timeless being?

Character loves the smell of bleach eg because it reminds them of going to the pool eg. Over the game they smell it so much they form new association and it now reminds them of feeling sad and trying to find solace. Also makes them sick.

Time orb is very massive but exists in another dimension, so slows time but doesn't exert gravity on stuff

Slow because realistic, deep interactions.

Sell object to vendor enough times for them to start stocking it for you, because other people have bought it and sought it out to sell. Sell 3 times or wait 10 days. Each sell halves the day count. 

An NPC who recognises other NPC's acting predictably and repeating the same phrases over and over. They somehow have unique dialogue every line, or a lot of lines.like a lot.

Simulation that trapped people in it, or it was meant to be a paradise. Someone is messing with the variables and causing destruction.

Zombies enslaved to work in a mine. Maybe they were turned into zombies to do it.

A sword with a personality realised through its weilder. The wielder will behave half as themselves and half as the sword. The swords personality grows and changes with its experience. Wielders will appear to share behaviour when holding the sword but it's just the sword itself.

World tendency/violence/difficulty level determined by killing and sparing enemies across all playthroughs

Each area has a storyline it progresses through, at speeds determined by where the time crystal is. Actions in 9ther areas can affect an areas storyline if the actions line up with the correct point in the storyline. Maybe you can chase the time crystal around? Like legendary dogs. Do an example of branching timelines for 3 areas maybe, try it out.

Adrenaline mechanic - dodging and getting hit increase speed, damage, distance of rolls. Meter decreases quickly  so staying out of the fight will remove the advantages right quick

Maybe no stamina? Just every move takes a long time. Rolling has long wind up, can also jump onto the ground on your stomach. Faster to do but slower recovery.

Walk in on a boss doing a poo

Have an impact on npcs by doing something to add +5 to their storyline. Relationship improves and events progress with more interaction. Every run adds -1 to each npc relationship.

Civilization of women underground, banished and can only birth more women. Maybe they're demons who need human men. They cut off their legs to fit their vaginas in a small hole in a stone obelisk to bait men in like mermaids. No one above ground knows what's going on in there. Elder demon woman is making a secret monster out of the legs so doesn't want the leg cutting to cease, though someone has suggested using a fake vagina to get semen. Player sees the obelisk and finds the underground cable later. Nothing explicit about the penis hole is shown, left to be figured out.

Put a level in Jupiter's storm

"Did you say worthless or girthiest?"
"You know what? I said girthiest."
"Oh my word. That's the worstiest thing I could have heard."

"After I watch a movie with a character I like, I when I think about my own face, it looks like theirs. I think I move like them."

"We pulled it off", but he really means they failed and bailed out, pulling off the object from whatever they were supposed to stick it on.

Mosquito repellant applied at the start of a 'run' and when it runs out mosquitos are much more powerful and fast.

Pills that help me remember if I took my medicine. Did you take them? I don't know.

Everything is pre determined because it starts a certain way, and events follow on from that. Even when the universe collapses and re expands, it collapsed in a different form than the last time.
Also 'magic' objects/energy that retain their properties so that changes more directly affect the same thing next oscillation

Spider friend who starts to shrivel up as mosquitos die/hide. Can bring him knocked out mosquitos or your own blood, given you have the equipment to do either. Has a taste for human blood from eating mosquitos. Will attack you if you don't feed him enough. Very excited to see you otherwise each time, like a doggy.

Mosquito game occurs in the same world as time travel game(s). Just very small, mosquitos size of large birds and the scale is not revealed. Fantastic creatures that are really insects. Maybe some very small mammals/lizards, which are huge by scale. Universe resets some time? Or time moves slower somewhere?

Mini golf like mini game. Bounce ball of angled walls at certain speed to end up in the right place. Hacking or something? Maybe have to grab the ball then get it stuck in a loop bouncing and never returning. 

Annoying dog (heh) wants you to throw ball. To get him out of the way have to get in stuck in the loop by bouncing it off walls at angles to create an infinite loop. Would have to change something after throwing in order to close the loop.



Several of these can be made!

Game areas are in a different order each run. Still retain their difficulty and quality of rewards.

Hard level is a shortcut to later areas? Do 2 hard levels equivalent to 4 easy in terms of progress?

Wendigo

Seeds attach to your body in one area, drop off in X seconds and can seed the ground in another area to grow in X more seconds into something

Collect moves during run, each weapon performs the same move but slower, stronger eg

Equipment strengthen with use. Weapon shield armor etc

Make choices throughout level that come to fruition after beating boss. Go back through and collect rewards. Eg pressure NPC's to cook for you or don't. Find little boys chicken and return it or eat it, etc

Secret areas that enemies have to be manipulated into opening. Blow up a wall, provide a platform to jump on, slash some trees, idk.

Enemy outside a secret door having a smoke break. Goes inside after X minutes. Door is just any wall anywhere in the game, so without seeing the enemy open it it's entirely guesswork.

Reward for not getting hit.

Levels connect in a kind of node based grid which is random each time but has rules. Goal is to end up at the center where the universe will collapse into, where the villain will take the time orb and time moves slowly

Each run has a unique event pulled from a list, eg sun explodes or little boy lost his chicken in the wall, or church has a hidden secrets. Otherwise it doesn't, but it still exists. Each time event occurs set its 'p' to 1, add 1 to each p that isn't max. Figure out which happens by dividing 100% among all p values.

Blood packs and stitches heal, painkillers also heal. Separate amount of health ?

Camping is not required but sunset makes it quite dark, too dark to see any enemies and so playing would be difficult. Maybe an area of nocturnal creatures with lights on their heads?

Sleeping without healing leaves you more damaged the next day.

Npc writing a book and falling in love with the character they are writing. Can either influence them to finish the book and their spouse leaves them and the world has a piece of art that other people love, or to stop writing and they are happy with their spouse.

Closed off character writes a play that is obviously about their feelings, self image and egotistical fantasy, but insists it is just a piece of art. Its vulnerability is only just enough to make them sympathetic over their narcissism and anti social behaviour.

Girl tries to steal boy's friend's phone number. Boy is jealous and tricks her into taking his. Girl messages that she likes boy, thinking she is messaging boy's friend. This turns his friend and the girl against him. He does many more manipulative things that backfire on him, but he is made out to be sympathetic to the player in private. Does he win in the end?

Game where the choices you made in the game are shown to you as label less nodes on a decision tree when you finish it. It only shows the nodes you have completed but in the shape of the tree so it looks there are more choices. You can rewind as far back, forward and around as you want once you reach an ending node. Nodes have interactions within them also during their play, which aren't shown on the map. Something like one node with an overarching story may or may not contain a small side character who doesn't change the story. Nodes mostly end early, but after a point. Maybe after 10, nodes start ending a lot, end more and more up to 20, and then end less and less until there are only a few especially long branches, maybe even twice as long as the rest of them.

A game is really boring or weird/disturbing and gathers user responses to create a profile of how they talk in order to message their friends saying play this game. They game would inform them of this action, and then ask them to please tell their friends that it's a good game.

Puzzle platformer where the level is the puzzle. You put it together while you play it, able to switch between player and puzzle builder at any time. It has a set finished form, but can be put together in different ways to reach different things. Player has to reach a platform piece before they can move it around, so their starting pieces have to be used to gradually access all pieces.

Moveable pieces will fall out of place if they are not connected as a result of moving and placing another piece.

Home made of stone, water drops through cracks, moss grows. Mound of fit on slab for bed, dry. So warm that running water steams off the ground. Cosy?

All enemies stay dead. Can resurrect them stronger and have to beat them again to do something special? Zombie dlc? 

Buffed at full health. Kill enemies to get health back. Take hits to extend max health. Health is also stamina. Cannot use stamina down to zero to kill self.

All advancement and progress comes from the player character discovering things. They invent 2 hit combos and remember them. They discover recipes for new items. Or something. Because the player is like Pah and is not created anew with every cycle. Otherwise, the new unlocks would have to exist already in the game world. There are no hidden secrets from ancient civilization because the player experiences the entire timeline of the universe.

Large enemy who eats through their leg like a butterfly. Also use it to attack. Have to get hit in middle of leg and climb inside it.

"Going to bed would be so exciting if you were a part of something interesting, like in the movies. It would be like a little capsule of suspense."

Jurassic house: dinodon pops out of certain places with a random chance and has to be evaded (off screen?). Must reach a certain room or outside to escape/kill/befriend

I've seen 400/500 good movies ever made. 25% of movies I watch I like so much I watch them twice a year. Assuming 52-week years every year, if I want to watch 5 movies a week, how many new good movies would have to be released each year?
How long until I am only watching movies I've seen before, and no new ones?

The story of the criminal asking you to kill all his friends so he can get away with the crime they did years ago, in this game. Find and kill every friend in one run.

Alien invasion. they send some early to befriend and blend in and hide with groups of humans who escape to bunkers etc. When things settle down they call in the troops.

Can get teleporter by going a specific way, but wasting time. Will it be made up for by time saved teleporting

Enemies level up through combat same way the player does.

Difficulty increases by giving enemies more moves, better ai decisions about which move to use based on circumstances.

Enemies left open after attacking if they miss.
Weapons do a varying amount of stagger, damage and at different speeds.

Can do crit attack against vstaggrred or vulnerable after missing enemy. Stagger duration determine by amount of damage over stg threshold

Don't expect players to spend money on unknown things. If they can earn the money, they can just earn the thing. Money should be for things they've used before and want to use again.

All upgrades/modifications/improvements should have a noticeable effect on gameplay. If not, they need to be bigger. If they can't be bigger, they should be excluded or balanced out in some other way.

Rory's house back yard, beardie steps to river, pond and floating grass.
Parents day go play with brother. Brother excitedly encouraged you out. Because pstrnyx can't have you inside. Have to go back in, and find parents transformation

Magic item that persists trough universes for researching enemies to find out more about them and their behaviour